Validation for RN headers (#2548)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added support for fromversion/toversion in XSIAM content items (correlation rules, XSIAM dashboards, XSIAM reports and triggers).
* Updated the supported python versions, as `>=3.8,<3.11`, as some of the dependencies are not supported on `3.11` yet.
* Added **prepare-content** command which will prepare the pack or content item for the platform.

> * Added a new validation to the **validate** command to verify that the release notes header is in the correct format.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added a new validation to the **validate** command to verify that the release notes headers are in the correct format.
```
